# Snowbasin-Map

The location of the area I chose to digitize is Snowbasin Ski Resort in Ogden, Utah. I chose this location because I am going to be spending the entire winter here snowboarding so why not familiarize myself even more with terrain and facilities, etc. I love snowboarding so this map was really fun for me to make. Some questions that my map can help answer from the screenshot and attribute table I provided is the name and relative location of the lift lines and access to them from the point feature class with red dots. In addition it can help someone when planning a trip. Knowing what the capacity of each lift is depending on if they are going out in groups, etc. The map also shows the start and end points of the different lifts illustrated in part by the line feature class with red lines. It shows which direction each lift goes and to which aspect of the mountain. It the attributes table that I created (not in screenshot) has a "Vertical" attribute denoting the vertical in feet that each lift covers in the direction that it goes. It also helps to answer the question of where the different facilities and lodges are on the mountain illustrated by the polygon feature class. Anywhere on the map where there is a orange area surrounded by yellow, means that there is a place to take a break, grab food, so to the bathroom, and even rent equipment. The attributes table (not in screenshot) for the polygon feature class includes the name of each lodge. I think this is a helpful map at baseline it shows the general layout and where some of the important amenities are located. One could go even further and show where the parking lots are with polygons, even adding some features for summer to like hiking trails with line features. This map was really fun for me to make. Can't wait to make some more.

Critique the map. How can I make it better?
